Update documentation about manual setup of PostgreSQL (#5362)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/Installing.asciidoc

[[database]]
=== Database

> PostgreSQL used by openQA suppose to have database with name `openqa` and
> `geekotest` user as owner of this database. Automatic setup of freshly installed
> PostgreSQL instance can be done using https://github.com/os-autoinst/openQA/blob/master/script/setup-db[this script].
> Connection to database configured in `/etc/openqa/database.ini` in `[production]`
> section. More info about `dsn` value format you can find in https://metacpan.org/pod/DBD::Pg#DBI-Class-Methods[DBD::Pg].

Reviewer: That really depends on what you put into the database config. Additionally, you have to use more articles in English :-)

```suggestion
openQA uses PostgreSQL as database. By default, a database with name `openqa` and
`geekotest` user as owner is used. An automatic setup of a freshly installed PostgreSQL
instance can be done using https://github.com/os-autoinst/openQA/blob/master/script/setup-db[this script].
The database connection can be configured in `/etc/openqa/database.ini` (normally the `[production]`
section is relevant). More info about the `dsn` value format can be found in the
https://metacpan.org/pod/DBD::Pg#DBI-Class-Methods[DBD::Pg documentation].
```

[[database]]
=== Database

openQA uses PostgreSQL as database. By default, a database with name `openqa` and
`geekotest` user as owner is used. An automatic setup of a freshly installed PostgreSQL
instance can be done using https://github.com/os-autoinst/openQA/blob/master/script/setup-db[this script].
The database connection can be configured in `/etc/openqa/database.ini` (normally the `[production]`
section is relevant). More info about the `dsn` value format can be found in the

> https://metacpan.org/pod/DBD::Pg#DBI-Class-Methods[DBD::Pg documentation].

Reviewer 2: please wrap consistently at 80 characters per line

Author: I think `https://github.com/os-autoinst/openQA/blob/master/script/setup-db[this script]` and `https://metacpan.org/pod/DBD::Pg#DBI-Class-Methods[DBD::Pg documentation]` may break it because major part of the text will not be displayed , right ?

Author: I updated everything else

Reviewer 2: looks like you wrapped manually? I suggest to trust editors to do that. Likely they would put the URLs in a separate line. But let's keep it like it is.
